did you know that when fathers are
involved in the lives of their kids
their children learn more perform better
in school and exhibit healthier behavior
I'm Chuck Thompson president and CEO of
Republic Bank and Trust and it's
thrilling to be partnering with the
watchdogs in our Norman public schools
when you choose to volunteer as a
watchdog you are making a lifelong
difference in our kids research shows
that children and teens with involved
father figures have less emotional and
behavioral difficulties and go on to
have more satisfactory adult
relationships if that's not enough then
take a look at how much fun the
watchdogs have when they help
watch dogs are here
the bell sure
my mind love
help
you
thank y'all
won't you
Oh
No
so much younger than 2 day I never
needed anybody's help in any way
sure
a gentleman open up the door
Oh
No
ah